Silmaris Privacy Policy

Pyrogen built the Silmaris app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Pyrogen and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

While using our Service, you can share with me some informations strictly limited to technical data, and only in case of bug.
 
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app et with your permission, you can send me an email with data and information, called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.


Security

The app doesn't require any transmission over the internet.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at silmaris.pyrogen@gmail.com.
